hey guys Joey here I'm just here to let
you know before this video begins about
today's sponsor Naruto slugfest the
first-ever official original license
Naruto MMORPG mobile game is here with
an entertaining and interesting Naruto
storyline packed in with original voice
actors and an extensive 3d open-world to
fully explore enjoy the numerous epic
battles through multiple game modes
collect your favorite characters plus
four brand new characters to the Naruto
world each equipped with unique
signature ninjutsu to turn the tides of
the battle you can also upgrade each of
your collective ninja stir different
classes including mastery PvE and PvP
ninja battles and a whole lot more is
waiting in store for you so if you love
your Naruto or mobile anime MMORPG s and
would like to check the game out for
yourself then make sure to go down to
the links in the description below
thanks again to Naruto slugfest for
today's sponsor and I hope you enjoy the
video
[Music]
that's gonna run this the enemy man and
welcome back to another episode la la
I'll be watching the show where as the
title suggests I will be going over the
upcoming season of anime and telling you
guys the shows that I will be watching
and the shows that I won't be watching
and basically giving you guys a first
impressions and overview of the upcoming
season of anime and with today's video
we are gonna be looking at the spring
2020 anime season it is the anime that
will be starting from April going all
the way up until July marking off what
is essentially the first half of the
2020s at anime now I don't know about
you but winter 2020 wasn't exactly the
strongest season of anime that we've
ever seen which is a shame because in my
what will I be watching for winter which
I'll leave in the description below or
boom there it is up on the screen right
now I was somewhat excited for the year
of 2020 because it was essentially the
first season of anime kicking off the
brand-new decade of the 20s the roaring
20s and I don't know man like it's just
something about this year's animated it
just hasn't quite kicked off as well as
we would have all liked it to have been
so we're hopefully going to get a
Redemption arc of sorts by looking for
this spring 2020 anime season now as
always I'm over on live chat Emme still
hasn't sponsored me this summer and we
are looking at again the spring 2020
anime season from April 20 22 June 2020
obviously getting rid of leftover series
from previous seasons and looking at
brand new stuff sorted by popularity as
always you all should know how the [__]
works by now so without further ado
let's check out the animals all right
first up is a show that I'm not
surprised is currently at the number-one
popularity spot the number one hyped
spot of the spring 2020 anime season
that is reezy row second season [__]
finally God when was the first season of
re0 well it was a while ago I want to
say like 2014-2015 maybe at least five
years in the making I would reckon but
uh man it were finally getting it I mean
we had that whole thing with like the
spin-off movie with Amelia's backstory
of somewhat obviously nobody watched
that movie including myself because
who the [__] cares about Amelia but yeah
just from this art right here we can
definitely tell that this [__] is going
to get real white fox is back out of the
game as always thank you my good sir and
I don't remember if the first season of
what will I be watching for easier had
the Thrilla tag right here but if there
was then I obviously missed out because
I don't think they added the thriller
time so just goes to show that I think
the second season is definitely gonna be
a lot more thrilling and a lot more
exhilarating than the first season and
we all know how thrilling and
exhilarating that first season was let
me tell you my boys I think last month's
video where me and my good buddy gig we
made and it's a Keitel is we put this up
there pretty high I believe we put this
in an 80 if you haven't seen that video
form there it is on the screen all the
links in the description below if you
want to check it out but yeah i'm hype
for this not much else i think i can say
i think a lot of people are hype for
this season let's just hope that they
don't end it off in a little bit of a
weak ending that the first season hand
but hey well only time will tell we'll
figure it out all right up next is
another season season 3 this time that I
am absolutely looking forward to and I'm
kind of sad about as well at the same
time it's kind of bittersweet but this
is coming this season but it is your how
do you organization of a coin watching
up there or do you come which is the
third season of my teen romantic comedy
snafu now I can tell you that not only
is this the third season of snafu but
this is also most likely going to be the
final season of snaps as well because it
is called come and for those who don't
know Japanese come means and the end
essentially and it makes a lot of sense
because the light novel series for
johani organization of course you got
theater actually ended a couple of
months ago and I was in a bookstore and
I saw that they were like putting out a
whole shelf highlighting the auto guider
series and I'm like oh why are they
highlighting this is it a new anime
season it was that as well but it was
also to announce that the series had
actually ended completely like the
original light novel had ended and I was
like [__] I need to read this and else I
need to watch this third season because
fuel studio is back at it again feel
usually doesn't do a fantastic job with
this stuff but they did a pretty decent
job with season two of definitely not as
good as the first
season a lot of people definitely
dropped the second season comparatively
to the first season but with this third
season hopefully my I guess like hope
for this season's justice I guess is to
get people to go and read the original
light novel more so than falling in love
with the anime because let me tell you
my dudes I've heard a lot of light
novels in my lifetime but snafu is by
far one of the most enjoyable and unique
reading experiences and light novels
like what that I penny of the author is
just so smart with the way that he
portrays such simple and mediocre
concepts like Audie Gator because on the
surface of things all you gotta do is a
very mediocre and simple concepts but
for some reason this author has managed
to take this concept that is pretty
run-of-the-mill when it comes to light
novels especially teen romance drama
light novels and make it something so
unique and so standout ition I think
that's worth commemorating and
celebrating especially with this third
season so I'm hyped to check this out
and I'm also hyped to just go and read
the light novel in its entirety all
right up next is coming up somehow
coconut said tight so second season of
caveats on a dam the top three series
season two's and season three's of some
pretty amazing shows and I mean I'm not
complaining because Korea summer was one
of the few series from I think it was
2019 2018 I remember I didn't remember
who was last year or not but I'm pretty
sure was last year was it was a
fantastic show the manga is adorable as
hell the anime adaptation was just great
I wasn't expecting an anime adaptation
of the manga like this to be so great
but anyone pulled through with this my
dudes a 1 just went ham on this [__] and
I [__] loved it it was so cute it was
so adorable and actually funny like it's
very rare that I've actually laughed out
loud watching a a 1 peaches romantic
comedy series but hey man like they
managed to do it and that's the great
thing about a 1 is that every now and
then they can really strike some gold
alright up next is I saw it online early
sensation man this no new series so far
this is all continuations of previously
popular series I'm surprised this is an
number one I don't know I guess there
are just better shows out there people
are starting to open their eyes no in
all seriousness though I have actually
been meaning to check out Alicia's Asian
Ark I haven't seen the Alicia's Asian
ark it's the only Ark that I haven't
seen of soda online and as much as I
really dislike the soda online franchise
in general I have heard a lot of my
friends some of them are you know pretty
be haters of sort online so they're not
the biggest fans of sign online even
they have said that the Alicia zation
Ark is somewhat decent and that really
intrigues me it's not fair on the rest
of the cerrado line fanbase to for me to
ship all over without me at least
checking it out so yeah I'm definitely
kind of curious now to go and check out
Alicia's Asian I guess let me know in
the comments below if you personally
think Alicia zation is worth it or not
cuz I'm curious to know what you guys
think about it alright next is shocking
Osama gone also a fifth season of food
Wars didn't the fourth season just come
out like a few like a few seasons ago
like correct me if I'm wrong but I think
JC stuff would just crapping out these
seasons like no tomorrow holy [__] which
is bad for me because your boy is only
seen up to the first season so uh goes
to tell me something I should probably
probably catch up on this [__] but man
this series is just on a roll same thing
with Sao and same thing with Ortega who
is just all these series just on a roll
with the extra seasons and obviously the
hype is real because top 5 series of
this season are continuations of
previous seasons I don't know if that's
a good thing or a bad thing when it
comes to this overall quality of this
season but uh hey man hopefully we'll
will see something new soon alright up
next is finally the first original
series the first season one coming out
and it is a season one of a show or a
series that has been talked about an
absolute [__] ton and it is communal
tall tower of God now this is exciting
for a number of reasons one it's
exciting because this is based off of as
it says here a digital Manoir we
is another word a fancy word for digital
Korean manga now I've done a few videos
on manhua in the past and I have
definitely come to like manhua a whole
lot more because the way that you read
and experience manhwa is just so much
more different and a totally different
experience to reading manga obviously
the art styles can be somewhat similar
to Japanese manga and these stories and
theming can be kind of similar but the
flow of the story I feel in Marla and
digital Manwe it's just so much more
fluid and more of like a film reel
rather than reading a comic if that kind
of makes sense and I've read a little
bit of Tower of God only because when I
did those videos on particular Marvel
series it was always the one series that
I heard so many people talking about and
from the little that I have read I am
definitely hyped for this anime
adaptation now we don't know who the
studio is but looking at this picture
yo this is clean as flock but buzz if
you don't know let's read the synopsis
Tower of God centers around a boy called
25th man who has spent most of his life
trapped beneath a vast and mysterious
tower with only his close friend Rachel
to keep him company
when Rachel enters the tower BAM manages
to open the door into it as well and
faces challenges at each floor of this
tower as he tries to find his closest
companion now suffice to say that this
isn't exactly the most original concept
for a survival horror mystery type of
show in fact recently when I went to a
manga cafe for 24 hours which if you
guys haven't checked out that video boom
there it is on the screen right now
there was a series that I read and
reviewed during my stay there called
chicha which is essentially kind of the
same concept as terror of God a bunch of
people enter a tower to this time in
fact look for their companion who is
lost
whereas in shizuoka it was more of like
a survival horror aspect of things but
definitely Tower of God will come you
know Thor is a lot more of an adventure
rather than a horror and I think it's a
lot more easier to get into than for
people who aren't exactly into the whole
horror aspect of
which is completely understandable you
know taste difference but yeah I'm super
hyped for this anime because it is such
a big opportunity for the digital manhua
world to really spread its wings out
into the anime industry all right up
next is my Olga queen of tiki goorsha um
and is this gonna be another generic
fantasy demon lord light novel
adaptation it sure as [__] looks like it
uh well it's done by silver Lee who is a
decent studio so I'm not complaining
there but my god
generic wafers a lot and generic main
character alone wow it looks exactly
like every light novel protagonist ever
and off the demon king of tyranny has
defeated human spirits and gods alike
but even demon Kings get tired of all
the fighting sometimes hoping for a more
peaceful life as enough decides to
reincarnate himself Oh
your boy just is a kite himself all
right when he wakes 2,000 years later
though he finds the world has become too
peaceful his descendants have grown weak
and magic is in serious decline
intending to reclaim his rightful place
he enrolls in Demon King Academy where
he finds that his magical power is off
the charts oh I wonder why generic power
fantasy and because they can't measure
his power the faculty and other students
for God an off as a misfit with the
support of Misha the one student he
manages to befriend the misfit demon
King begins his climb up the demon ranks
man oh man I am NOT excited I mean look
I a lot of people will probably say that
it's unfair for me to just immediately
off the bat just decline this series
even without watching it but do you know
how many [__] fantasy powertrip is
sick I asked type of shows like this
that we've seen in the past couple of
years that I have tried I've tried to
watch even just the first episode and
they've all been mediocre pieces of [__]
that have been forgotten by the end of
the season and I don't want to say that
this is another one but when you watch
and see about twenty or thirty shows
just within the last couple of years
that have fallen right into those cracks
you don't really have a
a positive outlook on new series like
this so yeah I I genuinely think that
this is just gonna be another generic
ASP power fantasy yes okay as demon lord
[__] that we see every single season
because my god the anime industry
apparently hasn't run out of ideas with
this [__] and people are gonna forget it
by the end of the season that's not even
a first impression that's just fact and
you can quote me on that by the time
this spring 2020 anime has finished
if this show ends up actually being good
then I will eat my words but regardless
let's check out fruit basket second
season because man oh man that re
annotation that first season that came
out last year was an absolute breath of
fresh air
which is really I guess ironic that I
call it a breath of fresh air
considering that it is based off a
shoujo manga series from about 15 years
ago and even though I do find like a
special nostalgia compartment in my
heart for the first original anime
adaptation just the remake of Fruits
Basket last year was just so well done
it was so well cleaned up it was the
cleanup that really gave the manga
series justice and it really did stick
to the original manga and the reason why
it ended up being so great is because
they were stuck to the original manga
and a lot of people such as myself who
did grow up reading the original for its
basket manga or watch the original for
his basket anime was just so excited to
see this series come back again in 2019
because man it was something that we
really missed so let's hope that TMS
entertainment does a good job to
continue rolling on that track because
it is definitely heading in the right
direction all right up next is Obama
game oh no Hamas African I aku yaku de
journee 10 sistema what I'm not saying
what because I don't understand what the
title is I'm just saying what because of
the title itself silver link once again
it's silver link just like taking on all
the generic light noble adaptations this
year it's sure [__] seems like it and
which if that is the case that's a
that's a major step down for them I mean
even though it is a light novel
adaptation just from that odd I
definitely see
to be a light novel annotation more
aimed towards the ladies nothing wrong
with that in fact that's actually
something quite new and refreshing as I
previously said in my Fruits Basket
analysis but let's check out the
synopsis after hitting her head
particularly hard one day do Clauses
daughter Katharina suddenly recalls all
the memories of a past life that of a
teenage Japanese girl just before her
untimely death
this girl recalls playing an autumn a
game that is exactly like the wall she's
living in now oh man she just got a sick
ID into an awesome a game how naive of
me to think that they were gonna be no
Issyk eyes this season
oh she is now Katarina Klaus the
antagonist of the ultimate game who
nastily hounded the protagonist until
the end knowing all the possible
outcomes of the game she realizes that
every single possible route ends with
Katarina being murdered or exiled
goddamn this that's a heavy-ass ultimate
game bruh in order to avoid this
catastrophic bad ends she has to use her
knowledge of the game and her own wiles
starting with breaking off this
engagement with the prince well Katarina
survived while making her way through
this world where bad flags trip at every
turn find out in this Reverse harem
rom-com led by everybody's favorite
villainous I mean look first of all I
appreciate the fact that we're actually
getting a reverse harem show this season
or in fact this year because when was
the last time we saw like even a decent
or at least somewhat good reverse harem
show the last reverse harem show that I
distinctly remember is brothers conflict
and let me tell you that was not a good
anime so suffice it to say that I'm not
exactly optimistic about this particular
reverse harem because it is legitimately
a reverse harem essica when are they
ever going to run out of ideas for
[__] isso guys god dammit alright up
next is Hudson on this 4180 show which
is Wow
looks somewhat interesting I have no
idea what these studios are sheena
animation in synergy sp I swear there's
like a new anime studio every single
season but alright let's let's check out
the synopsis ichinomiya shingal a 25
year old man was
a firm company while thinking of
tomorrow's busy working day goes to
sleep however when he woke up he found
himself in a room unknown to him and
realized that he's inside a
six-year-olds body taking over his body
in mine he soon learns from the memories
of the boy that the boy was born as the
youngest child of a poor noble family
living in a back country having no
administrative skills he can't do
anything to manage the vast land his
family has fortunately he is blessed
with a very rare talent the talent of
unfortunately while his talent could
bring prosperity to his family in his
situation and only brought disaster this
is the story of the boy Wendell in
Vaughan Benno Baumeister wow that's a
mouthful of a name opening his own path
in a harsh world I mean goddamn did that
that is that's a name that's certainly a
name I don't know what to think about
this series I mean like it doesn't seem
like the most interesting show I mean I
guess like one unique aspect I can
pinpoint is the fact that our
protagonist is a six-year-old boy the
odd looks somewhat clean and interesting
other than that I couldn't really glean
anything off of this synopsis other than
it's just gonna be like a like a like a
fantasy human drama show maybe something
like that man I really don't know I
guess guess there's only one way to find
out we're gonna have to just check this
show out all right up next is blog life
enough bleep enough all right whatever
that is first of all whatever that thing
is I [__] love the style of god damn
dude that looks like straight-up some
like knockin on the Earth's you [__] and
it's just so cool so you need I don't
know whatever that is has already gotten
me interested in this series whatever it
is but let's read the synopsis cuz I
have no idea Shuichi Kagura is an
ordinary high school kid in a boring
little town but when a beautiful
classmate is caught in a warehouse fire
he discovers a mysterious power he can
transform into a furry dog with an
oversized revolver and a zipper down his
back he saves the girl's life sharing
his secret with her but she's searching
for the sister who killed her family and
she doesn't care how degrading it gets
she will use Shuichi to accomplish her
mission Wow
I thought that was just gonna be
like like a mascot of the show like I
was expecting the girl on the back there
to be the main protagonist but no the
[__] dog is the main
protagonist Wow
I think the last time we had a dog as a
protagonist in an anime was what the
hell was that show called even though
how some us Caillou or something
whatever the name of that show it was a
really crap show but the the protagonist
was a dog but this dog looks way [__]
cooler and weirdly enough as shown in as
that plot kind of seems to be it's got
the same name tag on it which I thought
was super interesting which means it's
not just gonna be like your average like
let's go look for your sister kind of
thing there's definitely gonna be some
dark twisted elements to this somewhat
generic sounding action mystery show so
I'm honestly a little bit tempted about
it the fact that our protagonist is a
furry dog with an oversized revolver and
a zipper down his back that sounds weird
and strange and I'm totally down for it
so I'm definitely checking that out
all right I'm next is yesterday we'll
dip well we have a drama romance and a
slice of life I first slice of last show
of this season it is done by dog of
Kobol though who I'm not exactly the
biggest fan of I've said I've said that
in previous series but let's let's read
the synopsis the coming-of-age story
follows a university graduate named Andy
cool who was not being able to find
permanent employment after college a
mysterious woman named Hutta who has a
pet crow and because former university
classmate she no I mean I didn't really
get anything off of that synopsis but
hey you know what it's it's a
slice-of-life
cent in romance so it's most likely
gonna be a very cool and collected
human drama show and you know as much as
I'm not into Dalek or ball shows I am
kind of Dean this art style right here
it is someone monochromatic and chillin
I do like my somewhat chilled out shows
like this so yeah I'm definitely
probably gonna check this out and see
how it goes alright up next is a buddy
Tom oh well we have a historical show
and I mean goddamn it definitely looks
historical that's for sure oh and it's a
PA original work the first original show
of all this season by PA works let's go
PA works for me is somewhat in the same
realm as a1 studios where it's a serious
hit or miss sometimes PA work can
absolutely
strike gold like they did with Nagano
Escada and sometimes they can just make
some really really generic shots but
let's read the synopsis cause I'm kind
of curious the story is set at the end
of the 19th century and on the eve of
the next one after a certain mission the
brilliant but socially inept engineers
Sudama a buddy family name first and the
shrewd but Cowardly samurai each C
equals a men find themselves drifting on
a boat from Japan to America broke the
to decide to compete in the Transamerica
wild race to win the prize and return to
Japan the two battled crazy rivals
outlaws and the great outdoors itself as
they raced through the Wild West from
the starting line in Los Angeles to the
finish line in New York in the
steam-powered car they built that legit
is the synopsis the steel ball run like
you go in a trans America race and the
first place gets to keep like or get
like an amazing prize while like
battling each other starting from Los
Angeles ending in New York I'm pretty
sure steel ball run as well started in
Los Angeles and ended in New York so I
mean this legitimately just sounds like
PA works trying to rip off steel ball
run without being too subtle you know
what I mean but basically just like
being in a historical setting with
samurais instead of cowboys and stuff
like that that actually got me shook I
guess we're gonna get like a quick
little glimpse into what the steel ball
were an anime adaptations gonna be like
considering that at the time of me
recording this video part six stone
ocean hasn't even been adapted yet but I
did enjoy steel ball run a lot and if
you know if PA works can get a ride and
make it someone unique and it seems like
they have because they've got two
samurais now in a historical American
setting which is you know quite
interesting and quite unique I think
this series is gonna be one of those
hidden gems off PA works but I'm really
keeping my fingers crossed that they
nail this one because they've been known
to [__] up in the past unfortunately
alright up next is [__] Eagle pop oh
this is an udder door series okay and
it's based up among you series I'm
digging this art style there's something
about it I don't know it's just clean
and it's just gives me a sense of like
ooh what the [__] is that but let's read
the synopsis we will open the curtain
back in
time to the story of one lone manga
creator the story is about Gordo cook
she an artist who draws a somewhat
vulgar manga and tries to hide it for
the sake of his daughter he met a
father-daughter tale of love and love
this is essentially an anime about a
degenerate father hiding his fucked-up
fetishes from his very pure daughter I
can relate to that I mean I don't have a
daughter but you know replace the
daughter with like my friends and family
yeah it's basically my life I mean
that's cute though III kind of dig that
style and if it's somewhat follows a you
know like a a Barak come on like Moe
Asch Iman type of slice of life esque
story then I think um I think I'm gonna
enjoy this one a lot so let's keep my
fingers crossed but this one is good too
all right up next is B na this is the
brand new series by none other than
anime Titans trigger Studios now I am
hyped as [__] for this personally I mean
it's it's trigger they've done some
amazing [__] series and I've actually
even had the pleasure to visit trigger
Studios back in the past and in fact
there is a video coming out within this
month that is somewhat revolving around
trigger and it's a big video so I hope
you guys look forward to that but
regardless I I had a look into this this
new series fell from the BNA and it
looks pretty goddamn promising I'm
pretty high for this actually and I mean
you know it's following kind of like
that whole like furry element and I'm
kind of on the furry hype right now
thanks to be stars from last year it's
it's easily become one of my favorite
anime and manga series of this decade
and I'm hoping that BNA kind of follows
suit on that and gives us some quality
furry material that I just love now but
regardless it's trigger I'm surely gonna
do amazing with this series so I am
hyped as [__] for this alright and let's
check this last one out here listeners
it is a music show by mapa studios and
original map estudios work about music
Wow
alright first of all that already
intrigues me the fact that it's mapa and
it's music related so you know what
let's check out the synopsis great
adolescent symphony
is set in a wall where nothing called
music exists a boy meets mute a
mysterious girl with an empty audio
input jack on her body I wonder where it
is when she's plugged into an amp
something that will change the world is
set in motion thus begins a journey of
sound that will never be forgotten
oh it's kind of like the music origin
story but in a post-apocalyptic
futuristic setting okay I can't [__]
with that I can absolutely [__] with
that dude I don't know something about
me having done music my entire lifetime
that I just immediately have this like
drawing connection to any music themed
series I mean last year
Carolyn Tuesday was a music based show
that absolutely blew my mind and so I'm
hoping that this series right here by
mapa kind of does the same thing and
just gives me something some like fresh
music based anime because I've loved
every single one that has come out so
far and I'm digging this aesthetic so
much like it if you told me that this
was just like a piece of fan of like a
Vocaloid or something that I would have
believed you but if we gotta have an
anime that somewhat looks like this
promotional poster right here then y'all
I am hyped as [__] for it but yeah guys
I think we'll end it up there that was
my spring 2020 anime season what will I
be watching let me know what you guys
think let me know as well if there are
any series that I missed out on in this
particular list which I will always
always leave in the description below so
definitely go check it out and also yeah
let me know what you guys think about
some of the shows I will be watching
some of the shows I won't be watching
and your personal watch list of the
spring 2020 anime season overall though
it seems like there isn't a really
strong grip on new series coming out
this season I don't know maybe it's
because I'm looking at this list rather
early as of the recording of this video
so maybe there just hasn't been like
enough updated stuff on it but just from
the overall look of it it seems that the
spring 2020 anime season is mostly going
to be supported by long-running series
like a zero in the audio you do in shop
making or soma and cut we a summer like
those shows that I've already
established themselves but when it comes
to the new shows it doesn't seem like
it's gonna be the strongest obviously
there are gonna be some diamonds in the
rough like BNA the
I'm pretty sure that people are gonna be
talking about as the show continues on
but other than that there is an energy
thing that's late BAM here's something
new and here's something cool that
you're looking forward to so yeah let's
just hope that spring 2020 at least will
be a little bit more decent than the
winter 2020 but if you'd also like to
check out in my winter 2020 what will I
be watching then of course I will leave
that in description or boom there it is
on the screen right now so definitely go
check it out if you're interested and
again guys let me know what you think
down in the comments below and thanks
for watching as always like a favorite
if you enjoyed subscribe runny Manta and
keep watching anime Johnny
[Music]